[Music]
now imagine getting lost in the
wilderness being stuck in a falling
elevator trying to get out of a fire boy
it's just not your day huh would you
figure out how to save your life
here's a quick test to check your
survival skills you'll see how well
you've done at the end of the video
remember to keep track of how many
questions you get right number one what
would you do if a building you were in
collapsed and you ended up under piles
of debris and rubble a light a fire be
calm down and cover your whole head with
a piece of cloth see move fast trying to
get out from under the rubble you have
only 5 seconds to choose the right
answer
[Music]
if you've picked B you're absolutely
right being trapped dog panic
take off your shirt and tie it around
your whole head it'll prevent you from
choking on dust too if you're outside
with no shelter in sight and you see a
rapidly approaching tornado do you a
climb a hill or some other elevation B
runaway lightning fast C lie down in a
ditch and make yourself as flat as you
can the only correct answer is C if a
tornado is moving towards you and you
realize you don't have time or a place
to escape to find a ditch or some low
place lie down and cover your head with
your hands or clothes three what would
you do if you were indoors when an
earthquake started hey been there done
that but that's for another video
sometime would you a rush outside and
move away from the buildings B hide
under a sturdy piece of furniture C run
up to the window to see what's happening
the only way to save your life is to
hide in a safe spot which is answer B
stay away from glass or anything that
might fall on you for if you fell
through the ice into the water on a
freezing winter day you would a take off
your clothes
B try to break the ice and get out to
the shore C get out of the water from
where you fell in and roll across the
ice toward the shore the correct answer
is C grab on to the edge of the ice and
use your elbows and forearms to lift
yourself up then kick your legs to
propel yourself onto the ice and roll
towards the shore like seals do 5 if you
went for a jog and came across a pack of
aggressive looking dogs you would a
run away as fast as you can read stare
the dogs down or yell to scare them off
see throw your backpack or a piece of
clothing to distract the dogs and slowly
back away the only way you can get out
of such an encounter unscathed is to
distract the dogs and quietly move away
answer see if one of the dogs still
lunges at you do your best to play some
object between you and the animals jaws
if you accidentally disturbed a swarm of
bees and they were coming after you you
would a run away as fast as you can bee
dive into a pool lake or a river sea
pull out some bug spray and use it on
the bees despite a common misconception
jumping into water won't do you any good
the bees will just wait until you
resurface to breathe the correct answer
is a run in a straight line as fast as
possible until the bee stop chasing you
an even better alternative is to find a
shelter your car a house or even a
public bathroom and hide inside 7 what
would you do if you saw a shark swimming
straight towards you now I'm assuming
you're actually in the water for this
one would you a turn away and swim as
quickly as possible be settle the animal
up and tame it see hit it in the face
and gills
well the chances you'll manage to
domesticate a shark are almost
non-existent swimming away in panic
you'll look even more like lunch
that's why the correct answer is C if a
shirt gets you aim at its eyes nose and
gills these are the only vulnerable
areas on the animal's body 8 if an
elevator you were in suddenly started to
fall you would a jump in the air a split
second before the cabin hits the ground
B lie down on your back on the elevator
floor C press your body to the elevator
wall the correct answer is B flying down
on the cabin floor will increase your
chances of surviving because the impact
force will spread equally across your
body hey trust me
9 what would you do if the area where
you live was getting flooded a get into
your car and try to drive away B move to
higher ground away from water C hide in
a safe place inside your house after
gathering all valuables and documents if
you've opted for answer B you're right
if you're outside get away from streams
storm drains or rivers and try to find
some elevated ground if you get stuck at
home get to the roof if it's safe enough
10 if your plane crash landed in the
middle of a forest and you were the sole
survivor what would you do a try to get
a phone signal to call for help
B search the debris for anything that
could help you survive C rush away from
the area as fast and as far as you can
the only way you can survive in this
situation is to follow option C keep in
mind that crashed airplanes catch fire
and burn to ashes extremely fast plus if
the flames get to the fuel tanks the
aircraft will blow up in no time
you love it what would you do if you
unexpectedly encountered a snake would
you a move toward the snake and try to
shoo it away B poke it with a stick
C shout at it and stomp your feet if you
opted for a or B the snake might think
you're being aggressive and decide to
make the first move the correct answer
is C even though these reptiles don't
have ears they're sensitive to
vibrations
that's why raising your voice banging
two sticks together or stomping your
feet can make a snake retreat but if
there's an opportunity to walk away use
it 12 if you got caught in an indoor
fire what would you do a break a window
to get some fresh air B fall to the
ground and roll back and forth if your
clothes have caught fire C use a fire
extinguisher and spray the top and
middle of the flames
the correct answer is B by breaking a
window you'll let in more oxygen which
will only feed the flames and if you do
have a fire extinguisher aim it at the
base of the fire it's much more
effective 13 if a bull was charging at
you you would a run toward the enraged
animal B stand still until the bull is
near and then through a piece of
clothing in another direction C lie down
on your back and hope the bull will
spare your life
[Music]
if you've chosen B you're absolutely
right
Bulls react to movements that's why
throwing a hat or a shirt away from you
will distract the animal and it'll chase
the moving object 14 if you came across
a bear in the wilderness would you a
runaway B try to scare the bear away by
shouting and looking scary see fall to
the ground and lie there motionless well
it's a question with a catch your
behavior depends on what type of bear
you've come across if it's a bigger and
more aggressive brown bear the course of
action is to fall down and play possum
meaning it's answer C but if it's a
smaller black bear which rarely charges
it people shouting and making yourself
look bigger may get you out of trouble
in this case the correct answer is B and
now let's see how well you've passed
this test if you have 0 to 5 correct
answers you should probably upgrade your
survival skills otherwise the next time
you meet a wild bear or an angry bull
you might not come out a winner if you
knew the answers to 6 to 10 questions
chances are you'll get out of most
extreme situations intact still you're
not quite ready to start your own
survival TV show or anything try
brushing up on some more survival guides
and tips and if you manage to get 11 to
14 questions correct
you're a true survival expert it's not
the time to bask in the glory though
keep practicing there's no limit to
profession especially when the stakes
are that high hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]